Create a wizard page where it's asking the user whether they're setting this up for the first time or just to edit.

Wizard steps for first timer when they open the Builder page:
1. Go to GitHub then top-right profile icon then "Settings".
2. Scroll down the left menu to "Developer" settings.
3. Select "Personal access tokens" then "Fine-grained tokens".
4. Click "Generate new token".
5. Give it a clear name (e.g., My Links Gallery Publishing Token).
6. Choose an expiration date (GitHub recommends not using “No expiration”).
7. Select your personal account as the Resource Owner
8. Choose "Only select repositories" then pick the repo you just forked (yourusername/my-links-gallery)
9. Set Required Permissions to fork, clone, push, commit, and create branches, you need:
	a. Contents set to Read & Write
	b. Pull requests set to Read & Write
	c. Issues set to Read & Write
10. Scroll down and click "Generate" token.
11. Copy it immediately to a notepad or secrets manager — GitHub will not show it again.
12. Go back to the builder and edit all the details including your resume and your links
13. Select Publish and enter the Github PAT you just created
After this part of the wizard, go back to the builder page

this part of the wizard shows when the first time user has clicked "Publish" then finalize the "Publish" process:
14. The publisher will automatically fork and commit the changes for you
15. Assumbing you already have an Azure account (if you don't, go register for Azure Free Trial or Azure for Students)
16. Open in the new tab and open the Azure Portal (https://portal.azure.com)
17. In Azure Portal, search for Static Web Apps and create new
18. Select your active subscription
19. leave the Resource Group empty (or edit it if you need to manage the RG)
20. Give the resource a name (e.g. carlos-resume)
21. Select Free as the Plan type (IMPORTANT!)
22. Pick GitHub as the Source
23. Connect your GitHub account to Azure Static Web Apps
24. Select your username in the Organization dropdown
25. Select the my-links-gallery repository
26. Select main branch (or other branch if you made a customization to the code)
27. Leave alone other configurations and just click "Review + create"
28. Select Create
29. At the resource deployment page, click "Go to Resource" once it is ready
30. You can find the link to your newly created website there
31. Wait for 5-10 minutes and your website is ready

Wizard steps for those who has already forked the repo when they open the Builder page:
1. Visit your own page 
2. Go to the builder
3. Edit all the details including your resume and your links
4. Select Publish and enter the Github PAT you just created for the account with the forked repo
5. The publisher will automatically commit the changes for you
6. Since the CI/CD is already setup by Azure, you just need to wait for few minutes
